A website dedicated to the commerce of paintings.

The project meets the following requirements:

Minimum laboratory requirements (HTML + CSS):

The project will contain at least 4 HTML pages: Home Page (index.html) and 3 other pages accessible from the navigation bar.

Each page must contain a HEAD and a BODY.

The HEAD must contain META, ICON, TITLE, and LINK.

The BODY must be divided into at least 3 sections: HEADER, MAIN, and FOOTER.

The HEADER must contain a NAV.


JavaScript + Node.js:

A. JavaScript

A separate file for the JavaScript code.

Modification of the style of an element or a group of elements.

DOM manipulation (selection by id, tag, class, using CSS selectors).

Creation and deletion of HTML elements.

Using and modifying events generated by the mouse or keyboard.

Property modification.

Functional inputs (e.g., text/range/number/radio/checkbox input, select, textarea).

Using setTimeout or setInterval.

Using localStorage (to keep a collection of items in localStorage).

Using at least one method from the classes: Math, Array, String, Date (OPTIONAL).

Randomly changing the values of a property (e.g., color, size, position).

Using the properties classList, target, or currentTarget.

Using the methods getComputedStyle or stopPropagation.

Validating data from a form using regular expressions.


B. AJAX & Node.js

GET/POST requests: retrieving data from a form.

Ajax requests to retrieve data from a JSON file.

Sessions: login/logout (with Node.js or Storage).

A page for error 404.

